DOC-729 remove 'endpoint' and 'shards_to_endpoint' options (#1393)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rs/references/rladmin.md

        [ commit ]
```

> This command will migrate endpoints for databases to the node where the majority of the shards reside.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command migrates database endpoints to the node where the majority of the shards reside.
```
